Amount of Predictions:

First Down - Correctly predict your first game.
"Congratulations on your first down! You've made your first correct prediction. Keep the momentum going!"

Seasoned Pro - Place 50 predictions.
"You're getting the hang of this! With 50 predictions under your belt, you're now a seasoned pro."

Expert - Place 100 predictions.
"100 predictions! You're officially an expert in NFL predictions. "

Gridiron Guru - Place 200 predictions.
"200 predictions! You're a true gridiron guru, with knowledge as deep as the playbook."

Hall of Famer - Predict every game of the regular season.
"You've predicted every game of the regular season. Welcome to the Hall of Fame!"

Timing and Strategy:

Early Bird - Place ALL predictions at least 24h before the first kickoff.
"The early bird catches the worm! You made all your predictions well in advance."

Two-Minute Drill - Place a bet at most 2 minutes before kickoff and score at least 1 point.
"Two minutes to go and you nailed it! Just like the Patriots in Super Bowl LI."

Trick Play - Change a prediction at least 4 times in a week and score points.
"PHILLY PHILLY"
 
Weekly and Cumulative Performance:

Pigskin Prophet - Score 1 point in every game in a week (check that there are no games left in the week when implementing).
"All-seeing, all-knowing. You're the Pigskin Prophet!"

Touchdown - Score 7 points in a week.
"Touchdown! Keep driving down the field!"

Pick Six - Correctly predict 6 games in a single week.
"Pick Six! You've correctly predicted 6 games this week."

MVP of the Week - Have the highest score in a week.
"MVP! You had the highest score this week. You're the Most Valuable Predictor!"

Consistency is Key - Score points in 10 weeks.
"Consistency is your game. You've scored points in 10 consecutive weeks."

Playoff Push - Score the most points in the last 6 weeks of the regular season.
"You've made a strong playoff push by scoring the most points in the final 6 weeks of the season!"

Headstart - Score the most points in the first 6 weeks.
"You've taken an early lead! Scoring the most points in the first 6 weeks."

Midseason Form - Score the most points in weeks 7-12.
"You're in peak midseason form, scoring the most points in weeks 7-12!"

Bowl Game Secured - Hit in more than 50% of the games in the regular season.
"You've secured your bowl game by hitting on more than 50% of all predictions this season."

Sunday Funday - Hit on every game that is played on Sunday.
"Sunday Funday! You've hit on every game played on Sunday."

Pro Bowler - Score at least 100 points in total.
"You have been voted into the pro bowl, scoring 100 points in total. You're among the best of the best."

All Pro - Score 200 points in the season.
"All Pro! With 200 points this season, you're in an elite class of predictors."

Streaks and Trends:

Consistent Performer - Score at least 5 points in 5 consecutive weeks.

Deep Run - Score at least 5 points in 8 consecutive weeks.
"Deep Run! Your streak of scoring at least 5 points in 8 consecutive weeks is impressive."

Hot Streak - Score at least 10 points in 3 consecutive weeks.
"You're on fire! A hot streak of 10 points in 3 consecutive weeks."

Bench Warmer - Score less than 5 points in 5 consecutive weeks.
"It's been a tough stretch, but atleast the bench is warm."

Comeback King - Score the most points in a week after scoring the least points the week before.


Slump Buster - End a streak of three weeks with less than 5 points by scoring more than 10 points in a week.
"That's more like it! You're still in the race."

Special Predictions:

Underdog Lover - Predict an underdog to win and hit.
"Who doesn't like to root for david?"

Nostradamus - Predict the exact score of a game correctly.
"Amazing foresight, well deserved 5 points."

Upset Specialist - Predict a big upset (underdog has -300 odds or worse).
"You also knew that the Giants would win in 2007 right?"

Nail-Biter - Correctly predict the margin of 5 games where the margin of victory is 3 points or less.


Blowout Boss - Correctly predict the margin of 5 games where the margin of victory is 14 points or more.
Hometown Hero - Correctly predict the outcome of all games for your favorite team in a season.

Game-Specific Achievements:

Home Advantage (Team Name) - Correctly predict the outcome of all home games for a team in a season.
Away Specialist (Team Name) - Correctly predict the outcome of all away games for a team in a season.
Division Master (Division Name) - Correctly predict all games within a single division for a season.
Monday Night Master - Correctly predict the outcome of all Monday Night Football games in the regular season.
Wildcard Wonder - Correctly predict all wildcard games in the playoffs.
Super Bowl Prophet - Correctly predict the Super Bowl winner.
Primetime Player - Correctly predict all primetime games (Thursday, Sunday, and Monday night games) in a week.
Audible - Change the winner of a game 10 minutes before kickoff and win

Mocking Achievements
Bye Week - Score 0 points in a week.
Aaron Rodgers 2023 - Hit on the Thursday night game, but lose every other game this week.
Fumble - change the winner of a match before the game and lose 
Punt Return - Change a prediction and end up with fewer points than if you hadn’t changed it.

